Hello, haunted area, I'll tell you
tell you a Christmas angel
I'm melting in this mama costume.
No, Santa Claus, I do not know what, no.
haunted noel I'm not closed in
today entered the room to stay in front
Christmas soon for you. I can.
turn on a fan that taught me
interferes with the camera closed to all
Sweetheart, and I'm with this goal.
came here to give a Christmas mood to
You, but know that you're sounding for
low
let the story the girl who tells us this
story is American
she looks chic but today she lives in
Brazil is that her mother is American she
also and for six years she lived
there in the United States and lived in the
is a small town within br be
kaka also a note
when she was 11 she said that
was an only child and is a very
spoiled
so all I wanted and she had
Everyone wanted to give me a swim and I
such
and at this time of year it is very cold
very cold and there they take Christmas
Seriously, you know a super celebration.
more than here
and one day the panel close to what I wanted
and she abusing the will of the
parents because she was excited she asked the
This gift was very expensive but the parents
said they would not give to give this
that it was too expensive they did not
They could afford and she got mad was
very angry that she was not going to have this
that she wanted and started to get caught going
there on foot hits cursing and such there parents
they give her parents their grandmother's house
because they to him to buy
some things for christmas dinner then how
she was very nervous that she did not
I was going to win the gift she wanted
She asked you, she could give a
walk in the park near her house and
which she said was very quiet and
It's not even safe for a child to walk
alone in a condominium I do not know with a
who was safe and grandfather left she gives a
around the park may seem a bit and
To see this lowered the nervousness to open and
She put that in there and said no.
I had a living soul in the street but no one
even so she sat there alone
and stayed there thinking about life when
the park, she saw a
A little girl of about eight
years and she recalls that the girl wore a
pink dress with white stripes
and she was barefoot what she found very
strange with that cold
the girl in dress and barefoot I
I ask the family was not cold and
she answered me very loudly
soft that she was cold like that
which she had already become accustomed to
then girl was found he had compassion
It's still she took off her coat.
because she was wearing three coats
took and gave it to me for the little girl.
the little girl thanked her and then
they started talking they talked
enough and such and the girl said that she
I loved the home but did have
that she did not celebrate because it is something
too bad had happened to her
insists on asking what he had
happened to her bad but the girl
Do not answer anything, just smile and she
noticed that the girl held a pine cone
in hand
knows a pinch that spine of water
so typical Christmas meira held a
and she asked what she was doing.
holding that pineapple and the girl
it was the only thing she had one more
time you got 2 came to play
Let's go to the house and play with me at home.
So the girl was when she got in
house vote sleeping then called the girl
to play and were playing in the
house talula playing doll when
and girl does not let go when the cone
Little girl turned to him said something
lot of goal and you?
the magno she says that the time I was
scared and half without understanding what
was happening she asked for
girl where she was a girl from
replied that she was from far away and
that she needed although the time
she was finishing up
Then asked to go to the bathroom.
Where was the bathroom, girl?
the girl takes the delay and the girl takes
No way back from the bathroom decided to go after
to call that she arrived at the door of
bathroom was open
No one at the girl's house disappeared when
her parents arrived she decided not to
tell what had happened because
they do not even believe it but she asked
for them to take to the format that they
wanted to donate a good part of the toys
that she no longer wore it and she
the format and donated some toys that
did not play such a
she said that two days after that,
on Christmas day she received news
which is wonderful Brazilian grandmother grandfather
she had had high time waking from a
that she was hospitalized here in
Brazil had been discharged from the hospital
had had a heart attack and was in a
on that day she had hospital discharge looks
How wonderful, but it was not only
that
on Christmas morning everyone was
having breakfast and such and the campaign
rang and her mother asked to meet the
door of which she opened the door
there was no one else on the floor had a
Pineapple says she was scared
but then she understood that it was
Little girl thankful that I'm fine, fine.
Christmas spirit even a spirit of
natal appeared to her to kind of
window would not ask to donate since
she was a very spoiled girl she
I wanted everything for her that he present
more expensive
now it was all about simplicity
saying that there was nothing
only that she came and everything she had to
pine cone
she gave to to this girl and even asked
for her to give to other people, right?
and it's this Christmas spirit to share
donate
it does not have to be neither or only goods
such materials but you can donate one
little attention can give a story
You can take a lot of affection, I think.
This is a lesson for her, I hope.
that works for you too
any of you, that's it, I hope so
who have enjoyed this story if
like a jewel joins the channel
follow on instagram be our boss 4
u 1 and if you want to send a
Christmas of the people here of the address and always
Just a kiss for you if you new here.
under my head and my mother-in-law
party me plate until the next
Merry Christmas